# Lab - 1

Question 1:

Functional Requirements

* Enable members to borrow and return the books.
* Enable members to prolong the borrowing period of the books.
* Non-members should be allowed to visit the website and browse for the books.
* Allow library staff to conduct daily book transactions.
* Allow librarian to full system access and administrative privileges.
* Allow librarian to insert a new record of the book into the system and delete the old record of the book from the system.
* Restrict the access of issuing or returning the books to only valid users (members).
* Restrict the access of web application to institute LAN.

Non-functional Requirements

* Web application should be created using the recent HTML5.
* In order to lessen security rist the application shalll be accesible while connected with institute LAN.
* No confidential data(ex password) shall be stored in plain text.
* The applicaton should be easy to use for both the library staff and members.
* Make sure that only the members and the library staff can access the system.
* Make sure the system is and is efficient and fast for large number of users.
* Make sure the system is appropriate for various types of browsers.
* Make sure the system is scalable and can manage for large number of the books.
* Mak esure that the system is safe and capable of preventing unauthorized access.

Question 2:

Scope:

* The scope of this issue is to develop a mobile application that addresses to the requirements of people with diabling hearing loss on a daily basis.
* The android application will have an influence on the lives of the 466 million individuals who suffer from hearing loss, which is the 5% of the world's population.
* Artificial intelligence will be used by the android application to identify important sound instants that are relevant to this group. like bells, car horns, etc.

Features:

* The android application has to offer timely notifications for important sound occurrences.
* The user's sound events should be continuously recorded by the android application.
* The mobile application has to have low latency in time deliveries and suited for Android use.

Non-functional aspects:

* The mobile application should have an intuitive user interface so that anybody can use it.
* High performance and minimal latency should be provided by the android application.
* The mobile application has to respond quickly and in real time.
* The mobile application's sound detection should be highly accurate.
* The mobile application should have compatibility with android device.
* Security and data protection should be offered by the mobile application.
* Scalability and adaptability to new sound occurrences should be provided by the mobile application.
* The mobile application needs to be accessible by people with disabilities.
* Regular updates should be made to the mobile application to enhance functionality and repair issues.
